[PR Template] Add codeblock to capture deprecation note associated with PR (#82450)
kubernetes/kubernetes: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

```

**Should this PR be associated with a deprecation notice?**
<!--

> Indicate whether this PR implements a change that requires users to be informed of a deprecation of behaviour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indicate whether this PR implements a change that requires users to be informed of a deprecation of an API.
```

If your PR does require a deprecation note, then remove the `None` from the deprecation-note block below and add your notes.
-->
```deprecation-note

> None

Reviewer: I would leave this empty to keep consistency with the other blocks:

```suggestion
```
